Devon jath revolutionized the content
space and I like any normal human being
decided to have him on my podcast to
figure out what he's doing differently
the reasons why he's getting millions of
views and you are stuck at 500 enjoy
this interview it's completely unedited
my name is Alex Davis I'll see you guys
in the interview let's go welcome back
to another episode everybody today I
have a real treat for you Devon jath one
of the best creators of the modern era I
have editors that come to me all the
time they asking what style do you want
to edit in because I I make content and
they have Alex Heros style and then they
have the Devon jath style Devon you're
so iconic now you actually have your own
style in the editing Community which is
insane like you just and I assume you're
still 19 right uh I just turned 20 in
March oh congratulations but for a
20-year-old you have achieved a level
success that I aspire to be like and so
so ises everybody listening so I
appreciate you coming on today oh yeah
thanks man your your past started when
were 13 and like does that resonate with
you that like a lot of people don't get
started when they're 13 like it takes
them a long time to to get going do you
ever think about that yeah yeah I got it
easy man I sat down and luckily I got
into the right environment early and it
worked out pretty well was that because
of your family or was it because of your
friends it was because I didn't have any
friends the only thing that I had was
online my family was one of the families
that pushed me towards the traditional
route of course I didn't want to do that
so it was just had no friends I need to
figure something out so my friends
became online friends and that's where I
kind of got into the correct
environment so I I published a book a
long time ago it talks about Association
I'm 20 as well and the idea is like
obviously you're the association of the
five people you're around and you're
friends with these online people are
they the people that are pushing you to
start trying to make money like where
does the the thought in your mind spark
at 13 years old like I need to do
something different and become somebody
different so I would say it was the I've
always had the idea that I never to do
the normal 9 to5 like I'd rather kill
myself than do that am I allowed to
curse here yeah go for it drop it sick
okay I'd rather kill myself than do a
normal 9 to5 so it's always like this
underlying fact of I want to do
something different and the only way
that I for saw myself doing that was
through gaming so it wasn't like I was
around these 25y old entrepreneurs that
were just [__] molding me over a
certain period of time it was just the
only way I knew how to make money was
fortnite so I played fortnite and the
people around me were playing for money
as well so we all had the idea of I'm
going to make money in this thing we're
not just doing it for fun yeah I mean I
at 13 I was playing fortnite too I just
how how much time are you dedicating to
become a pro fortnite player where
you're actually making money I used to
dedicate hours after school dude like
what was it what did it take to get to
that level I was staying up all night
playing [__] fortnite I mean it's not
it wasn't like a looking back on it it's
definitely not something that I would
say to be prideful about but I was
playing probably around 8 to 10 hours
every single day just trying to get
better and trying to figure out a way
how to make money 8 to 10 hours so
you're going to school you come home and
you just grind fortnite non-stop [__]
grind fortnite ramp floor wall dude
that's awesome um I love that and you
translate that skill over to business
and then immediately people ask like
how's he over an overnight success but
you you have a skill set of of doing
something for eight to 10 hours and even
if you you're not necessarily proud of
fortnite the work ethic part would you
say you're you're proud
of yeah I mean work ethic has never
really been something that's like if you
knew me previously it was always like oh
this guy like he cheats on test he sucks
at school he's failing like he doesn't
really do [__] and whenever you're the
guy playing 8 to 10 hours of fortnite
people don't look at that in G oh [__]
this guy is so hard working it's like no
he's a [__] lazy piece of [__] kid
that doesn't want to do anything with
his life yeah i' would say work I think
just came from over time knowing that I
wanted more and I just got continuously
rewarded for doing more something that
you'll see within my content is I'm very
very big on quality and I'm very big on
excellence and it's just I got a reward
for doing something excellent and that
kind of carried over you know I looked
at our story and i' I've watched all
your interviews so I wanted to see like
what people normally ask you about but
something that I took away is like you
and I are very much in my mind the same
type of person at 13 I was playing a lot
of fortnite and taking that very
seriously and then I started translating
moving into content and business but the
difference between you and I is I'm 20
and I'm not nearly as successful as you
are and I would I would honestly say
that we've both in our lives done about
the same amount of input but you have
massively outsized my output and I'm
sitting here studying like what was it
was it a family member a friend was it
the quality of content and and maybe it
is the quality of content or like the
timing or like the type of content do do
you have anything to talk about on that
I mean brand is King I mean everything
comes a lot easier whenever you do have
a brand so I would say it would just be
the quality of content and then it's
always the people that's actually
consuming the content yeah when you have
the go did you start editing all your
content or did from day one have a team
of editors ready to go no no no [__]
hate editing so from day one I had a
little guy that I knew from fortnite
previously and he wanted to edit the
videos for $5 a video so I started a
video yeah your quality is so good for $
five dollar a video oh no no no now we
have five people on staff and we spend
multi5 figures on the editing team but
previously we started off at five videos
$5 a video how much does one of your
your reals
cost ah I can I don't know um so we have
seven editors on team currently and they
kind of switch in between and they do
different parts of the videos depending
on the video so yeah I couldn't give you
like a per video no it's good I I run I
run like an editing agency like short
form agency so I I go from like $10 a
real to $100 a real and I always try to
gauge the quality but sometimes people
that do $10 a real outsides the people
that are doing $100 a real at7 I decided
I wanted to be an entrepreneur and some
people who make a shift from the 95 to I
want to make my own income and do that
thing maybe make the shift into content
as well they start getting a camera they
start doing podcasts they start clipping
up reals and there's just so much of it
now would you would you agree yeah 100%
And I do like find myself even though
like I try to put out the best quality
content possible I still find myself
falling
short How could somebody who's just
getting started even with their phone or
whatever like really ramp up the quality
so that people actually stop and they
actually listen to their content and
it's not just getting 200 views every
single time it's by quity content are
you necessarily gearing towards the
qualum information or the the appearance
of video let's start with appearance
because I definitely want to go to the
like the body of the the video
afterwards so appearance of video so I
mentioned this previously but I want to
show you now that we're talking about it
so actually Tik Tok is blocked off on my
phone okay okay so if we were to open up
Tik Tok and we were to scroll through 10
videos those 10 videos would all not be
high quality most of them would not be
done on camera most of them will be some
16-year-old girl recording on the iPhone
13 yeah so I think that the quality of
appearance is not the most important
thing however if someone wants to
increase the quality of appearance and
they only have their phone well the
first tip would be to use the back
camera instead of the front back camera
is going to be automatically better and
then as well as also on the camera
settings assuming that you have an
iPhone I don't know about Samsung or
Google pixel but assuming you have an
iPhone you can switch it to 4K recording
and then as well as also probably one of
the more important STS to change is
going to be if you go to your camera
settings and then you go to what will be
be called formats you can click on
formats and it will show high efficiency
or most compatible if you switch it to
most compatible that'll make your
that'll make your view that'll make your
video less blurry so those be the two
main settings that you can switch on
your iPhone and use your back camera and
then ensure that you use high quality
uploads on Instagram or Tik Tok whatever
you post or whatever platform you're
posting on which is just a setting
within the platform okay cool now let's
shift to the body of the content because
like you said there's 13-year-old girls
that don't even try and they're blowing
up I mean hwu is like the most famous
person in the world and that wasn't even
like high quality video but like what
does it take now to make a video that
you know is going to go
viral okay um sorry I I gota just like
left that question off there you're good
so I mean the hot two girl and the
videos that I was speaking about
previously with the 13-y old girls I
mean those would be entertaining videos
and I would assume that to most of your
audience and including you would be more
so geared towards making educational
videos because people viewers that watch
entertaining content want more
entertainment and there's no money to be
made there because then you compete with
people that sell entertainment you're
going to lose the Netflix at $7 a month
yeah so if you want to make money I
would go under the assumption that
you're making educational content
because people that watch educational
content seek more education and in that
context I think it's just a lot of
people throw around well your video
needs to be valuable however I feel like
that's not necessarily the easiest way
to conceptualize what your video needs
to be I would say if you can look at it
as is your video useful I love that's my
favorite word yeah it's good I think
that would be a better way to look at it
so it's purely just based on the fact of
is this video useful and after someone
watches this video do they go oh I would
have never like I would have never
thought of it that way or I never
thought of that before and they actually
Lear okay so I have a friend in college
and he's friends with tapa the guy who I
I assume you know tapa um and when we
sit down to talk about content like
researching we kind of like made a
mental model that like you can research
anything and you could teach somebody
how to do something that you don't even
yourself know how to do so my question
is what is your advice or do you think
that this is okay for somebody like
let's say a 17-year-old kid to go on a
chat gbt to start writing up like hey
give me a video idea on how to make a
million dollars and like framework it
out and it's very it's very like
educational you learn a lot of stuff but
the person speaking the talking head has
no idea what what they're even saying
and they just used a bunch of like
research on chbt and Google and articles
and like do you know what I'm saying
so there's a term named viewer
depictable and that is can the viewer
actually see themselves putting in the
value that you're giving them within the
video so can the viewer see themselves
doing that now the biggest word block
for someone let's say for example the
17-year-old is teaching other people to
make a million dollars it must be very
very visually visually apparent that
he's a credible Source if he's not a
credible Source then his value is no
longer valuable yeah because if I don't
believe that it will work for me I have
no reason to believe that will work for
me because he's not done it himself
because if he knew how to do it he would
do it himself okay and then on the on
the flip side if somebody just like
17-year-old kid has no life experience
they don't even like really have
anything going for them how are they
able to become educational or
entertaining when they have no resume
they have nothing to teach they don't
even know like how to be
entertaining well then if you look at
what we do it's social media so for
example if someone came up to me let
let's say for example a 40-year-old a
40-year-old is Happy paying me for
social media help because they assume
that I know more because I grew up in
the generation of social media
however if it was maybe I'm a life coach
obviously there would be some sort of
resistance there yeah so I think it's
choosing what you're speaking about and
I think that would do a lot of help
because if you're trying to tell a
majority of the population how to live
their life or maybe it might be a tip
about Fitness and you're not that big
it's like me you're kind of fighting an
uphill an uphill battle but if you
position yourself correctly I wouldn't
see an issue with a 17 old coming and
telling other people how to do things as
long as they're up to it okay okay so
it's more of the how I have done this
rather than how you should be doing this
that type of mental shift I think
everyone starting it's always how you
should be doing it what I think at some
point as long as they are actually
trying to get good at what they're
saying they eventually s to the here's
how I've done it yeah somebody like a
friend I don't know if you've seen
Kellen he does a lot of faceless Channel
stuff he has a very similar style to you
but when he speaks about social media he
talks about fa faceless channels which
he does have like credibility in that
era so I could easily see like if a
17-year-old kid has never done anything
they could start start like a faceless
Channel get some level of success and
then use social media on their own
personal brand to talk about that
success and then they can kind of build
off of that is that kind of like where
you're going
down yeah yeah I mean I'll just say that
the niche is probably the most important
thing so for example someone that's 35
is willing to pay the 17y old that's
working on Instagram money because the
17y old obviously knows more about the
Instagram than 30-y old yeah but then if
you were to flip it around to life
coaches like no matter which way you
flip it it's a diff it can be done but
it's difficult
okay and and so what about as far as
when you start a channel the 17-year-old
we're going to keep in this Avatar
17-year-old starts a channel and like
their first goal for some reason because
of society they want to go viral because
they think that that is the best metric
which I don't agree and I know that you
don't agree with virality is the first
thing that you need to focus on inde so
they're doing a bunch of silly stuff
they're talking about cats and whatever
whatever they think is going to go viral
but like longterm the idea would be to
monetize I think everyone needs to make
money so long-term goal is monetization
but you're talking about cats right now
is not obviously going to get you there
because unless your product is cat
related it's it's not going to be a a
product fit or anything like that so
what is your advice to somebody who's
just starting to have like the long-term
vision of like knowing like okay in the
long term I want to monetize but I I
need to like have I need to talk about
content that's going to attract an
audience that is eventually going to buy
a product later down the road what would
be your advice to that type of person so
that type of person I think it's just
more so of a question of clarity so if
you're going to build something in the
idea of monetizing then it needs to be
in correlation to the content that
you're posting so it's just well what do
you actually want to monetize on and
then create content around that and I
think that's the first step is to get
clarity on what you're going to be
posting about because without that
Clarity then everything else is useless
how how do we find that
Clarity it's good [__] question I
cannot give you the answer I don't know
um I sat down one day I was like holy
[__] uh do you know Steven Miller yeah
yeah I've seen all your interviews you
talk about them all the time yeah yeah
yeah so I first found um I found that
you can make money doing this St Miller
so I was watching this I like holy [__]
this is amazing uh it was better than
what I was currently doing because I was
doing door knocking and it was [__]
cold so I like I gotta I gotta do
something so whenever I through M's
video I was like okay well this is my
clarity I'm gonna [__] do this and it
just worked out so Clarity is found
probably through life experience rather
than just randomly having an idea I I I
feel like when people and this is my
path when I talk to people like they're
like they have to have everything
planned out like they have to make like
this large grandio plan and obviously
when they start making content things
change that shifts and then their plan
falls apart and then they stop they just
like stop posting they give up but what
you're saying is like if you see
somebody who's done something successful
like Steven Miller then you can at least
know that it's possible so then you can
just start going towards the direction
and then eventually you'll figure it out
is that kind of what like 100% it's just
action so like this this wasn't the
first thing that I did yeah I did a
bunch of things previously I made
content about other things just this is
the thing that was successful but I took
action on other things that they just
didn't work out so it wasn't the fact
that I was just like oh [__] I know this
is going to work so I'm going to stick
with this one it was like I I tried
different things they didn't work and
this one did so it's just taking action
over time how how long do you need to do
something before you realize I need to
Pivot into something else people are
like I'm gonna do this and this and this
and then whatever one takes off first is
going to be the thing I'm going to focus
all my time on but then they don't give
any of it enough time but it seemed like
you did fortnite you did door to door
for five months and then you're doing
content and then I mean luckily for you
your like fourth video popped off but
some people it takes like two years and
then they're like well should I change
or should I keep going and like what
would you say to that
person what would I said to that person
um the question is like when when would
you pivot when do you know that you've
given everything you're like you've
given content everything you've got and
you're just not successful and you
should do something different can't give
an answer there because I don't I don't
know yeah I mean maybe I should pivot
right now maybe I vis a
better now dud be so wow
so I don't know what if it what if I
never pivoted obviously that could have
been an issue not an issue but what if I
never pivoted then I became Jordan bord
whenever I was knocking on doors I guess
just like no one no one ever [__]
know yeah dude um speaking of knocking
on doors I did that as well like the
vehicle I got into before content was
door knocking solar except I did it for
one day you did it for five months bro I
don't know how you lasted that long I
got out on the door I was like I can't
do this I'm I'm done one day and I'm
like no but uh no I mean I even closed a
deal like the same day like like install
on the same day was my first day on the
doors but like hearing that you did it
for five months like Mo correct me if
I'm wrong most people don't have the
resilience to go walk and knock on
Strangers doors for five months straight
in the cold right all right so like I
feel like you as a person might be like
a little bit different in that regard so
what what is your I mean you carry that
over to content and it's like you're
going to be doing this for a while
because this is actually working you
have reinforcement but like the person
who's like a couch potato is not even
doing anything with their
lives like it's it's hard for them to
even like have the motivation to like
film a video does that make sense like
what what do you think to
that I think was just pressure so the
only reason why I mean obviously if I
found an easier job that paid the same
yeah I'd go for it like it's not like I
was just like you know I said I'm G to
do this I'm G stick to it no if I was
out there and it's because I did it in
the hot and the cold yeah for the five
months I started in like probably June
so I started when it was hot and I ended
when it was cold if someone came out to
any point in that time and told me I
I'll pay the same exact money they
getting paid now to do something easier
I only be like oh no I said I'm gonna
stick [__] that I'm going to do what
it's ever easier yeah so it's just the
situation I was stuck um stuck in and
then he's
also I I I don't think it was that bad a
lot of people hate on do to door but I
don't think it was that bad of a job I
don't know if I just got lucky or um
yeah I got a big smile and people
treated me nicely so did you make a lot
while you were door knocking or were you
basically Al not making anything for
five months ah probably like probably my
best month probably like four or 4.5
which coming sh out High School just
graduated it's so horrible dude I know I
know thousands of kids that hit the
doors and they make nothing I I have
friends like right now that are on doors
today as we're speaking in this
interview and they're knocking doors and
I know they're not going to make
anything for the whole month uh so I I
guess the whole reason I'm saying this
is because I while I'm doing my research
about you I'm trying to figure out like
what makes Devon different or more
successful than every other person that
has also tried and I found like okay
you're in fortnite but you you weren't
just in fortnite because every other
person while we were 13 was also in
fortnite you're a professional fortnite
player doing it for money and then
you're like door knocking but for five
months and you're actually making
something rather than people who do it
for three years and make nothing and
then it's like you're doing content your
fourth video explodes like there's like
a string that follows all those
activities that says that Devon is just
like a little different or is doing
something different than other people so
I don't know if you've ever
self-analyzed or like put it together in
a framework if I could like show people
how to do that that would be really
helpful I
think I have a higher expectation that
everyone else has of
themselves okay of yourself you have a
higher expectation of yourself that that
is the main thing
so I mean like that would be I mean I
don't know of course but that would be
like the main thing that I believe would
be the thing that would set myself apart
I have a very very big delusion that I
am undoubtedly just boring to be better
than everyone else um of course it's not
true it's working um I know then but
yeah like you're definitely it's
successful yeah so um I can't say that
that would work for everyone however I
just always have the expectation that I
deserved more even though I don't really
deserve anything of course but it was
always like I should be better than
everyone else therefore I'm going to do
the things that exemplify
that okay and and where does that belief
come from do you think you were just
born with it or did something happen
with when you were younger was it a
neglect thing like or did it just spawn
out of the ethos and you're like all
right [__] it I'm better than everyone I
don't know I've always had really high S
I mean like whenever I got like gifts as
a kid I was like this is cool but it's
not the best it
sounds like I've always had like the
idea of like I want the best anything
less than that is
unacceptable um yeah so here's a here's
a question like I said in the beginning
I think that you and I have like the
same life trajectory sort of we both
played fortnite door knocking like all
the same activities whatever except you
you became successful a lot faster than
me and it's just taking me like a lot
longer I know in the long run I have the
same mindset as you I just don't like
publicly put it out there like I'm I'm
really good I'm better than a lot of
people I've done a lot of [__] I live in
a small town I'm I'm traveling
everywhere I know in the long run Maybe
by like 23 24 25 even 30 like it'll
click and I'll be an overnight success
my question for you is do you think it's
better to have success later in life
learn all the crappy lessons up front on
and have to go through all the [__] or
do you think it's better to be
successful fast and when you're early in
your 20s and then maybe lose it all
later on or not even lose it but just be
successful earlier on what do you
think what do I think I just want to go
and preference preface that this is I
think I don't know but um I think
of I mean it sounds bad because
obviously I would not choose to not be
successful now but looking at it from my
P like where I am at now there's a lot
of times like I kind of wish this came a
little bit slower that way I could have
not made as many mistakes and I could
have learned more lessons because
there's a lot of things that I can Le
lean on so like I have the a big
follower account so I can make a lot of
mistakes that smaller people that don't
have the brand that can't lean on the
brand they cannot make those mistakes so
I'm making these mistakes and I'm
getting by with it so it's like I'm
building up bad habits because I became
so I became somewhat successful quickly
however I think it's just Pro and conil
I don't no walk me through some bad
habits if you're okay with it like what
money brings that you're like oh
[__] so okay money brings or brand
brings they both mainly money I think I
mean brand follows money so it's like
the same thing it Trails back to you
eventually so MoneyWise it's just like
you there's a lot less friction to
everything there's a lot less there's a
lot less
um inconvenience so like if it's ever
like I want Uber eat it's not like oh
well do I want to spend my money on this
it's just like no I just want overheats
it's like do I want if I see like a
wallet it's like oh hom wallet no it's
just this is a sick [__] wallet let's
go and get it yeah so that's one thing
is just not being told no
enough um for the brand I would say one
of the biggest things is just like I'll
lean on it for the business so whenever
it comes to hiring we don't have okay we
do have a really good hiring uh whenever
it comes to hiring I'm not so stuck on
that one individual that might be a good
fit I'm like looking at it from a
perspective of I give a [__]
if like I know that I'll find someone
else like there's a thousand other
people that applied so maybe I'm missing
out on good applicants that I have too
big of an ego to actually fill through
yeah okay I say a lot of it would just
be ego and then it's well it's not being
told
no a lot of people make the argument
like ego's bad but ego got you to where
you are and ego's getting me to where
I'm going which is right behind you and
it's gotten everybody that's successful
materialistically in in this world to
where they are so I think I think a
healthy ego works I think ego falls
apart when you start to use it against
other people which you don't do I I
assume and even if you did it like you
seem like you're a good kid so it's not
like you're like trying to hurt people
um I know some people that are like
really like narcissistic and they're
like they they don't even have success
they're just trying to like rip people
apart for no reason um do you do you do
like a lot of stuff outside of work like
you're in Tennessee do you go to like
Nashville party do you like do any of
that kind of fun stuff uh I go to sleep
at
what lay down at 600 to read for an hour
then I go to sleep at 7 p.m. go to sleep
at what time you waking up 3: a.m. what
are you doing at three I wake up at four
bro you're like this is what I was
trying to figure out you're ahead of Meo
[__] I'm waking up at two tomorrow so I
can pull up my calendar and tell you
exactly what it looks like do it so I
knew that there was a secret dude it was
hidden in there it's definitely not the
secret so at let's see 3 15 I jot down
stats and then I brush my teeth so I
weigh myself I look at how much money
bank account yeah so stats weigh
yourself how much money you got um what
else start Ora stats so how good is my
sleep last night and then as well as my
calories track from the day before so
that's the first 15 minutes and then
from 3:15 to 4:15 I go walk on a track
so there's a school track like five
minutes away from my home so just go
walk there for an hour try to get a
clearhead before I begin work and then
from 4:15 to 8: a.m. I do my deep work
and then from 8:00 a.m. to 8:30 I
prepare myself for the gym and then from
8:30 to 10: I either do my marathon
training or I do a gym session whenever
I get home I drink my coffee my protein
I take a shower and then from 11: to 4
p.m. I work and then from 4 pm to 5 it's
kind of up in the air if I have have
have more work to do I'll do it if not
I'll chill at 5:00 pm I'll do my night
nightly routine set myself up for
success for the next day then from 6:00
p.m. I can in bed
I'll read for about 30 minutes I'll take
my supplements and then I go to sleep at
7 and what is the benefit of going to
bed at 7 and waking up at
three
um what are the
benefits I wake up before a lot of my us
team so uh I don't get any DMS at 3:00
amm so it's like I don't have fires to
put out within the business so I can
completely focus on doing the N moving
task um
it forces you to reduce distraction so
for example if I'm if I wake up at let's
say 8 am. instead and I go to sleep at
what that means you go to sleep at 12 if
I'm up at 10 p.m. at night I'm gonna get
into some [__] that I don't want to get
into that I you know what I mean it's
just like you're opening opportunity to
do things that you know would probably
not put you further to your goal so it's
more so just a discipline thing rather
than anything
else so I'm huge on deep work I think
Newport killed it when he wrote the book
and I have this whole idea like it
doesn't matter when you go to bed or
when you wake up but the time that you
are awake like what what the hell are
you doing during that time auditing that
figuring out am I spending it you know
watching porn and hanging out with
friends and doing stupid stuff or am I
actually in deep work sessions working
on a business filming content doing
Outreach and I and I've started like I
used to do like the 5: am all the way
till 10 p.m. and I would go to bed at 10
wake up at 5:00 and I still do that but
then I also like sometimes I just can't
shut my brain off so I'll stay up till
midnight or one working and I mean I
don't think that it has any negative
effects on my life but hearing that you
go to bed at s and wake up at three I've
never heard that routine before um I
don't know if you've like looked into it
a
lot one thing I will say I paid a guy
named Billy shout out to Billy I don't
know his last name he's a health coach
yeah um but he was the health coach for
like Iman godi and all that kind of
stuff and he kind of walked me through I
would say I was not a very good client I
didn't show up to a lot of the calls but
for the calls I did show up to he
basically walked me through like okay we
need to wake up and go to sleep at the
same time every day and that's like the
main thing stick to that and you're good
so that's just like the main thing I
focus on uh I feel like I got a little
bit off topic what was the no it's good
the health coach and we're talking about
different routines what's the difference
between waking up at 5 and going to bed
at 10: or wamp at three and going to bed
at oh yeah I mean like there's no
[__] different you're awake for the
same amount of time it's not you get
extra hours it's just what times do you
want to be awake yeah yeah there's so
many biohackers I heard this thing from
Ed mlet he's like I wake up and
uh six and then from 6 to 12 that's my
first day and then from 12 to 6 that's
my second day from 6 to 12 that's my
third day I have three days in one day
and then I have 21 days in a week and
I'm like bro this is going too far I
don't know what's going on you know I
think there's Merit within that
conversation because I see why a lot of
people look at it it's like that's
horseshit but uh have you ever read the
book the 12we year yeah so I look at it
the same way as like the concept of
looking at it from the 12we year of not
being annualized so it's like when
whenever he does that of course it
sounds like horseshit but if he can get
that done in his mind I could definitely
see the benefits
so yeah I mean dude I'm a huge like in a
biohack anything that allows
productivity to be optimized I'm in for
it it's just sometimes people go off the
rails a little bit I'm like uh um but
you said your first Deport sessions
before 8 8 A.M like you you crank that
out and then you go to the gym but then
you have the latter half of the day
where you're working so what is the
difference between the morning work and
then the day work is the morning work
like your stuff personal projects
content and then the the like the
regular us time when everyone's awake
that's client work and that kind of
stuff or if I really don't have Clan
work I mean it's pretty much like all
done with you know or do it yourself so
I don't really have Clan work uh from
4:15 to 8 a.m. it's always okay I'm
working on a module I'm working on some
sort of presentation for the community
or content
creation and then from 11 to 4 which is
like my Med task it's I don't really
take that many meetings like I you're
the only meeting for on my calendar so I
have a 15minute leaders consult with the
exact team within the company and I take
that for 15 minutes but other than that
I don't have any meetings it's just
typically yeah it's just a [__] that
doesn't take a lot of time so like I
Okay I lied I do do client work so we
have like video reviews within the
community so I'll sit down review a
couple clients give them their feedback
he said what the B BRB what is it uh
video reviews oh video okay okay yeah
yeah okay so so yeah I guess client I
mean like I guess client work and then
just whatever else needs to be done um I
typically leave that portion open and I
just figure out what I want to do but
everything that needs to get done is
done within that first block and do you
do you travel a
lot no uh I would say probably travel
maybe four months out of the year at Max
and and where do you where do you go
when you travel is it just Miami and so
we went to Miami for the first traveling
session typically whenever brought
travelers to record a chus so we went to
Spain this year to record Media Master
Class
and we so sick what
yeah okay so my director of media and
the guy that edits uh well used to edit
a lot of my videos he lives in Spain so
I was like you know what let's go see
him so we flew out a couple we flew out
a couple members from the team and we
went to Spain and then other than that
it's just I fly around to go speak at
events so I spoke at one of my previous
I speak at a client's event in September
to go to Dubai and then I spoke at one
of my previous clients events Brian Mark
in Canada
really what uh what what do you charge
as a speaking fee do you make a lot of
money doing that I don't charge a
speaking fee oh interest yeah if it was
someone random that messaged me it's
like all
right what yeah what's the setup but if
it's just like I know this guy I like
him it's like [__] it yeah from my first
class flight and we're good sweet
okay what what are you guys doing in
Revenue right now
monthly you don't have to share if you
don't want to bro yeah yeah chill you're
chill I know I know you guys were on
seven figures or a little less or over
whatever um which is dude it's insane
that for 20 years old I don't you have
so like you give me so much motivation
and inspiration you don't even
understand even though we've like just
now met like for the last couple of
years if I didn't see somebody like you
hustling I would not be able to like see
like a North star and like figure out
where I need to be at 20 years old and
there's only a couple other individuals
that are in our age group that are doing
what you're doing so
all props to you man because without
without you like there wouldn't be a lot
of people I feel like that would know
where to go or how to get there
appreciate that and I definitely agree
because I think Iman is one of that guys
for the both of us is like okay this
[__] i'mna I'm gonna bro yes what
uh have you have you and Iman met
yet because I bro I gotta connect for
you if if you're down for it have you
heard of Matt Shields Matt Shields I
feel like I've I feel like I've heard of
it before so iman's new course it he
there was like that huge like Mansion
thing they were all at a dinner table
two of those guys Josh riera and Matt
Shields I know both of them I went to
Miami went to the agency lab event with
Joel Kaplan and Matt's been on my
podcast I like hang out with him like I
have his number and he posts a bunch of
content on YouTube really starting to
grow his channel and Josh is like a
really cool guy too uh and he he did a
collab with Ean so I know I know that
Matt would love to talk to you because
I'm sure that he's admired your cont
content for a while I could make the
connection yeah yeah that would be cool
I definitely want to talk to somebody
that doesn't want to talk to me though
like unless they know me beforehand it's
like I don't want I don't want to have
the conversation so I'm I'm curious why
not just reach out to these people like
Iman or whoever you want do you do that
like do you just DM people because you
have such a big
platform I mean I would assume that Iman
if he's seen my face the only see don't
want and I assume that he doesn't have
like that much of association with me
and I'm not someone that wants to reach
out to someone hey man you want to
connect like it's just like I think
eventually whenever the time comes if
there's a natural occurrence to where
our paths meet then it'll be cool um but
if that does not happen then I don't
like the idea of just being like hey man
my name is Dev and I do this like you'll
see me sometime and you'll definitely
see me on your page more often so we'll
talk in a there interesting and and I'm
sure that Iman will eventually see your
stuff and at a certain level he'll reach
out he's I think that's yeah he he
reached out to Matt when Matt got to a
certain level too so that's pretty cool
I I approach it from a whole different
standpoint I'm like a lot smaller with
with the audience size than a lot of
people and I'm like hey you want to come
on the podcast you want to like are you
at in Miami for an event like what how
can we connect and collaborate um it
served me pretty well but I could easily
see like in the wrong light somebody
might take it the wrong way or it might
just not start the conversation off in
in a good way yeah and then don't think
it's just like the type of person like I
don't know if you can tell I like being
in a [__] dark room like being by
myself yeah that's me would so you would
call yourself like an introvert or would
you say you're more
extroverted I don't like those labels
yeah okay well like you like being alone
with people or like by yourself working
like what is your ideal environment I
like being with people that are
like-minded however this might be
limiting belief but I live in Tennessee
Chattanooga and I'm also 20 years old
yeah so for someone within my so for
someone that would be doing something
similar to me it's like they're either
35 or they don't live in Tennessee
Chattanooga so it's just right now I'd
rather be alone but like whenever I do
eventually move I could see myself being
a more socialable person what what are
some stuff that you wish that more
people asked you about you have such a
big platform I'm sure that there's a
part of you that you don't share and
you're like dang I wish people would
talk about this or ask me about this or
knew knew that this was a part of me
that was a good
question um I really don't come into
these having like a a set thing like
[__] I really hope you get me about this
it's just
um this this one always trips people up
because they're like hey I don't know I
mean most people don't really know
anything about me just because you know
all my videos are like here's value
here's value and that's pretty much
young yeah I guess fun facts about Deon
J though I really enjoy cologne I have a
collection of like oh I told you we're
the same person I have so much
colog have you do you like Clive
Christian a little bit um but I I've
never I've never bought it I'm I'm not a
huge fan I like like Versace or Creed or
I mean those are like super like
wellknown ones
um yeah aqu Joe like I don't know okay
we gotta get out designer we'll go back
to Niche we'll talk about that
off but um yeah man I don't really live
that interesting of a life like there's
not not much to give you um where where
would you say your goals are right now
as far as being 20 years old you've done
something that not I would argue that
not a lot of grown people have done for
your age where where do you feel like
you still have room to grow where do you
really see yourself getting to in the
next 5 10 years I think the room to grow
is everywhere um what do I see myself in
five to 10 years I can't visualize
myself in five to 10 years my next SC
that would be sick to hit would be a
mill a
month um a mill a month bro wow yeah
that'll be that'll be cool and that'll
come soon yeah
but um what what what is what would it
take for you to get there is it just
more content a bigger audience higher
ticket product more selling so right now
we're working on a product line
previously we only sold except for the
agency now that we shut it down the
ticket was 10K a month and that was just
like we just sold that but the issue
with the agency with the content agency
in specific is just that at a certain
point if you want to scale you must
reduce quality and that's not something
I was willing to
do so why why do you think you would
need to do
that because the potency is always going
to be within the founder so if my main
SK if I'm the skill set that drives the
companies um that drives the company's
quality within the actual service itself
because I'm the I what I would consider
the content guy within the company I I
just know the most about content within
the company which then again could also
be a loaning belief but um I have the
higher standard for the company because
I have the most responsibility and the
most upside to it and downside as well
so I feel like whenever you start to
step away from it unless you have really
really good
systems so that's also larning
belief one of the bigger things that I
had an issue with was the fact of
getting other content creators to come
help with the agency and if a content
creator is doing if the content
Creator's actually done it himself they
are expensive because they now have
leverage to do whatever the [__] they
want yeah so if a guy has 200,000
followers all through organic and his
videos are blowing the [__] up it's like
can you really offer that guy hey man
I'll pay you a set salary whenever it's
just like [__] that I can make a product
and make that in two days if I make a
launch yeah so that bottleneck for us
wouldn't wouldn't that be how big
companies are built you find people that
are more skilled and more crafted and
yeah you have to sacrifice Capital that
you've made to put them on a salary and
find something that they're okay with
but now you have somebody who's better
than you at a skill set running the
company and now you get to step away
like what wouldn't you make that trade
or
yeah I would make that trade 10 times
over we hired a lot of people that were
script writers copywriters that were
very very successful copywriters that
knew exactly the right scripts and all
that good stuff but um it just never
worked out it was never done to the
quality in which I liked and then as
well as also I hated the idea of having
to wake up and be like [__] P people get
to demand my times like [__] you yeah so
that dude that that's an interesting
belief when you say it doesn't work out
is that more of the like I didn't give
it enough time to work out or you think
that they're not good enough or even if
you gave them three years to like Master
everything you just don't want to waste
the time like what do you mean it didn't
work
out I think I think every skill every
skill can be taught okay I think it's
just the amount of time they will to
input into that person sure I would say
for the vehicle whenever it came to
decision on which vehicle we're going to
create agency would not be the best
vehicle to go down yeah at least for us
and what we want wanted to do and what
our goals are to get to a middle month
with an agency and
profit it's hard that's [__] hard
yeah yeah and dang is that is that the
ultimate reason why you just burned your
agency down because you you knew the
vehicle itself was capped out at a
certain level yeah I mean like we sat
down and we like looked up because I was
trying to make the service [__]
perfect like it I was okay we have this
editor here we have a sound design here
a person that does sound design for the
videos here we have director media we
have a copywriter that does the visual
hook so the first three seconds of the
video we have a copywriter that's just
designated to only do visual hooks like
we were trying to optimize every every
every portion of the content assembly
line and then when we got to it it's
like okay so there's how much we charge
and there's how much we make per client
so this is how many clients we need to
make a middle month yeah it was it was
like this outrageous number we're like
there's no way that we're if we wanted
to I believe I could have done it but
it's like there's no way that I'd want
to do that yeah yeah yeah I I agree I
think selling an online product or
having a recurring subscription is
insanely more beneficial in the long
term um I think I think it's also more
beneficial to the client as well yeah
yeah they get more attention on a
smaller Boutique agency than you have
thousands of clients and you're like
your goal is a million a month and their
goal is I want to grow a channel it's
like I can't even talk to you because I
have a thousand other people no no no I
think for
content of course you don't want to be
in that you don't want to be in the
lowest ticket like the more money you
pay of course Within online product the
more access that you're going to get the
quicker you get the results but in
content I think it's much more
beneficial to learn how to like learn
the skill of content creation rather
than Outsourcing it because there's five
steps to creating a video you have the
audiation you have the scripting you
have the recording you have the editing
and then you have the SEO you can only
Outsource three of those five things you
can only Outsource the SEO the editing
and then as well as audiation the person
that's making the actual videos
themselves they must script and record
yeah so it's if they can get better at
that skill rather than trying to lean on
someone else for the responsibility of
the content's performance I think that
that person will do much much better
yeah yeah so I I would say even for like
a Creator it would be better if they
went and tried to learn the skill
through a course or whatever or whatever
they might do even by themselves than
paying an agency to rely on the
performance of video could you even
argue that the agency if they were like
babysitting the client that much then it
might be the agency's fault like the
agency could be like Hey listen you have
to do these two things which I already
know that you would tell your clients
like I can't help you at all these two
things go do this if if you suck I'm
sorry we can't help you like it's done
that's like I feel like that would just
be a setting expectations thing and then
like if if you don't hear from them for
three weeks because they're not getting
better at filming it's like sorry but
we'll take care of everything else what
do you think I think definitely um
however I am big within reputation and
if that one person doesn't do those if
that one person comes in it's like even
if you set the correct expectations he's
just going to have that one [__]
client yeah ,000 a month you're right if
someone looks at their [__] um at
their p&l sheet and they see 10K 10K 10K
10K every single month it and they're
like ah I really don't want to do these
two
things it's just a rough or it's a rough
situation yeah so what's the better play
now is just info products and software
what what is
it I don't foresee software being very
helpful with the content unless it comes
to just the creative side of like
editing and all that kind of stuff yeah
um yeah so for now for me it's just we
have three programs uh low ticket mid
tiet High ticket and it's geared towards
where you are within your business and
that's just the business model that
we're going to stick to and what would
be found to be working a lot better than
the
agency you talking about reputation and
I want to touch on this with especially
selling info products because I have a
lot of experience doing this this is how
I make money I teach people how to get
their first client like I own the first
client.com and I could do this and run
this up to million a month easy the the
amount of selling required is is is
minimal but what I find is and this
could be a product problem a mental
problem I don't know what it is but I
find like the consumption of just any
course or just one-on-one coaching or
done for you coaching whatever it is is
minimal like 30% across the board like
30% of people will consume and actually
use the product go through the course do
the calls like I would have people will
send me $2,500 turn around and just
never call me again they'll block me and
I'm like bro I just give me like I can
refund you your money back what what has
gone through your brain as far as making
sure that the product style to the point
where you you can't really have a bunch
of students saying well Devon's thing is
crap because I didn't use it and I'm not
successful because I don't put in the
work what do you think so the first
module within the course is name within
every single course there's three
different course materials first module
is always going to be welcome to
whatever the course is named and then we
go over a very very clear expectation
now my favorite one there would
be the reframing of how to look at the
course so as soon as you join you must
watch this module is unskippable and
you're going to sit down and watch it
and you cannot speed it up and that
module is basically saying hey there's
two different Hills this is where you
are and this is where you want to be now
what you may have come into this what
you may have come into this course
thinking is that I'm going to I'm going
to give you the bridge that's going to
get you there however I'm not going to
give you the bridge that's not what this
course is this course is the nails the
rope and the planks sitting on the
current Hill that you're on I am just
the resources and the materials for you
to build with if you choose not to build
you will not get to this hill now what I
can promise you is that these are the
best [__] tools that you ever [__]
find you bought the best [__] thing
you can buy but if you want to build
that bridge you must take these tools
and build that bridge and that's been
like a really that was probably like one
of the biggest changes in like people
looking at it like oh okay if I don't do
this this is my fault okay and then plus
all of the YouTube videos I mean all the
course modules they are built in mind of
like they're not I see I buy a lot of
courses in like [__] Google Docs and
the guy's just talking over the Google
Doc like Zoom video yeah yeah yeah it's
like no [__] no no [__] that 20% of the
people are gonna watch it so all the
course material and all the course
modules is always I'm speaking to camera
and we have a lot of days of editing and
a lot of days of graphic and worksheets
and stuff to go along with it to make it
to where hopefully we can get to the
percentage up I think right now in the
high tiet I 66% which isn't bad
especially for the high ticket what what
do you host it on how do you how do you
track it
all we host it on so I'm pretty sure the
course modules are hosted on
Circle and they are through and they
were put
through they're embedded through Vimeo
and then the website is hosted on [__]
the website is hosted
on WordPress there we go I don't know if
you can tell but I don't handle this
[__] but yeah no you're good dude no no
look you're at least you know a little
bit okay so 66% on the high ticket do
you do you find that and you don't have
to share this do you find I've talked to
a bunch of other people who sell
information that you get a bunch of
chargebacks and refunds even with the
clear expectations somebody will watch
the video and be like [__] Devin I'm
getting my money back and then they'll
charge back refund or they'll go through
the whole thing and then they'll think
that they're smart and then try to
charge back after they use the whole
thing do you do you find that or how do
you mitigate that so I've refunded three
people within a lifetime that's
good yeah one guy I mean he had a ax and
he went through the program he even got
some servicing from us but you can't
beat a [__] ax like we had we had
contracts with everything but if someone
charges back with the ax are getting
[__] so that guy refunded and then the
other two were just like hey man like
this coool all I just don't really like
you all that much so I love to get my
money
back yeah no I I talked to this guy who
ran a million milon doll a year
education business and they had an like
$30,000 per month in refunds and
chargebacks disputes on stripe and it
freaked me out that was like the
ultimate reason I'm like I can't sell
information anymore or one-on-one
coaching or courses or anything but
people are still doing it and they're
obviously successful so maybe I'm
missing a piece so I figured I could ask
you and then maybe you could like if
you've only had three people have a
refund you then you must be doing
something different
or yeah yeah I mean I would just say
first impressions are a huge thing just
make that first impression really good
um I don't know how is it an info
product it's one-on one coaching oh
one-onone coaching okay you should be
good D oneone coaching yeah you're
straight yeah but then you capped out as
like there's only me so I can't handle a
thousand people calling me and then it's
like if I had if I sold the course
that's obviously the next progression
into it um but then the consumption goes
down I feel like I don't know just uring
that everyone whenever they first swipe
their card they know exactly what to do
and exactly what's about to happen if
they have full clarity then I haven't
found many people that haven't had an
issue however when we first launched the
first product we made a lot of mistakes
whenever came to Clarity and everything
is really complicated there was
definitely some push back from the
community but that time just make
everything very very simple and every
every person I've ever
met like people I don't think people are
as bad as people make other people out
to be that's sound of [__] confusing
everyone's done well within my program
and they've been good people to me so I
love it dude I I want to be respectful
your time we're coming up on the hour
I'm GNA do rapid fire and then we'll
like we'll end it out go for it now that
you've been successful and you're 20
years old what are the things that
you've really enjoyed buying with money
that you previously couldn't top three
purchases top three purchases um clone's
one I've always won a lot of Clone cl's
is second I've always liked to justess
nice
and then third I would say would
be this this isn't necessarily something
that you buy but it's something that
comes with money and that's everyone's
everyone having a higher value of your
time so all your family all your friends
they all go ah [__] like I don't want to
waste de's time that's very very nice
because they treat you with a different
level of respect so that's something I
do like I love that along the money
thing what what have you been able to
access that you previously couldn't
access like you just said value with
with your family and everything do you
feel like you're able to go to certain
events or be friends with certain people
or travel to certain areas that you
never previously could yeah I mean like
just the nicer things in life I mean
first class instead of economy uh you
can get into events I would say a lot of
it comes with the brain though because
the events thing is like yeah people
invite me for free to their events just
them good publicity but like with money
I just have to pay to go yeah just all
the general things yeah you read books
what are you top three books for a
beginner entrepreneur oh beginner
entrepreneur any Niche
yeah I don't want to say the most Bland
[__] books that everyone else says
but thank you girl Rich yeah yeah yeah
like I don't want to say that [__] but
that's what's coming to mind I mean I
think Rich D for that is the the best at
changing your mindsets whenever it comes
to well how you look at money I think
Essen essentialism is a good book to
read just because whenever you first get
started you want to do
everything yeah and then for the third
book
um
uh I
think have you ever read the almanac by
novol
Ravon no I have like I have it in my
library I've never read it yeah I've
heard you talk about leverage and that
he talks about it insane like an insane
amount in the book but that's the third
book I always recommend people is the
albanac such that's my third book then
yeah cool um and then the last question
I know you said you don't really have
any goals do but where do like what
where do you see yourself in five years
or like where do you like what is
something you you really desperately
want to achieve and what what's the next
like Milestone that you're trying to to
get after besides a million dollars a
month to be proud of
myself what does it take to get
there what does it take to get there
um knowing that you did what you said
that you were going to do on a daily
basis that's a banger answer dude I
appreciate you coming on the show of
course Alex where can everyone find you
uh where can everybody find me they can
find me pretty much everywhere just
using Devon jath d v i n j a t HL uh
Instagram YouTube Tik Tok those are
pretty much the only places that I post
thanks for coming on the show
man Bing and Bing and B again wo W yeah
yeah hey hey hey hey heyy back in that
yeah